Add doc about translation using poedit (#6600)
apache/superset: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

You can then translate the strings gathered in files located under

> `superset/translation`, where there's one per language. You can use [Poedit](https://poedit.net/features) to translate the po file more convenience.There are some [tutorail in the wiki](https://wiki.lxde.org/en/Translate_*.po_files_with_Poedit) can help you. 

Author: ```suggestion
`superset/translation`, where there's one per language. You can use [Poedit](https://poedit.net/features) to translate the `po` file more conveniently.There are some [tutorail in the wiki](https://wiki.lxde.org/en/Translate_*.po_files_with_Poedit).
```

> `superset/translation`, where there's one per language. You can use [Poedit](https://poedit.net/features) to translate the po file more convenience.There are some [tutorail in the wiki](https://wiki.lxde.org/en/Translate_*.po_files_with_Poedit) can help you. 

Reviewer: - Please add space behind full-stop (`.`). 
- And typo `tutorials` with `rial` instead of `rail` and with `s`.

If you get errors running `po2json`, you might be running the Ubuntu package with the same
name, rather than the NodeJS package (they have a different format for the arguments). If
there is a conflict, you may need to update your `PATH` environment variable or fully qualify

> the executable path (e.g. `/usr/local/bin/po2json` instead of `po2json`).If you get a lot of`[null,***]`in `messages.json` just delete all the `null,` ( eg:`"year":["年"]` is correct ,`"year":[null,"年"]`is incorrect)

Author: ```suggestion
the executable path (e.g. `/usr/local/bin/po2json` instead of `po2json`).If you get a lot of`[null,***]`in `messages.json` just delete all the `null,` For example, `"year":["年"]` is correct while `"year":[null,"年"]`is incorrect
```

> the executable path (e.g. `/usr/local/bin/po2json` instead of `po2json`).If you get a lot of`[null,***]`in `messages.json` just delete all the `null,` ( eg:`"year":["年"]` is correct ,`"year":[null,"年"]`is incorrect)

Reviewer: You can copy-paste my comment above to `CONTRIBUTING.md` instead of trying to figure out what I changed.

name, rather than the NodeJS package (they have a different format for the arguments). If
there is a conflict, you may need to update your `PATH` environment variable or fully qualify
the executable path (e.g. `/usr/local/bin/po2json` instead of `po2json`).

> If you get a lot of`[null,***]`in `messages.json` just delete all the `null,` 

Reviewer: - Add space around ``[null,***]``
- full-stop after `null,`
- Add comma after "For example"
- Add full-stop after "is incorrect"

Author: Ok，thanks ， i will fix this 4 hours later。

Author: I hava fixed this , thanks .

> If you get a lot of `[null,***]` in `messages.json` just delete all the `null,`.

Reviewer: add comma (`,`) right after `messages.json`

> For example: `"year":["年"]` is correct while `"year":[null,"年"]`is incorrect.

Reviewer: comma (`,`) instead of colon (`:`)
